### January 17, 2019
https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Chapter-Netherlands-Meetup/events/257707239/

18:30 - 19:00 Dinner  
19:00 - 19:15 Welcome, OWASP update  
19:15 - 20:00 Machine Learning vs. Cryptocoin Miners by Jonn Callahan  
20:00 - 2-:15: Break  
20:15 - 21:00 Running at Light Speed: Cloud Native Security Patterns by Jack Mannino  
21:00 - Closing  

**Xebia**  
Laapersveld 27  
1213 VB Hilversum  

**Machine Learning vs. Cryptocoin Miners:**  
With the advent of cryptocurrencies as a prevalent economic entity, attackers have begun turning compromised boxes and environments into cash via cryptocoin mining. This has given rise for the necessity to detect compromised environments by analyzing network traffic logs for evidence of cryptocoin miners operating within a given network. In this talk, I'll be reviewing various ML and statistical analysis techniques leveraged against VPC Flow Logs for this very purpose. It will not be a deep dive of the math involved, but instead a general discussion of these techniques and why I chose them.

  [Download the presentation as PDF](https://wiki.owasp.org/images/6/67/OWASP_MLvsCryptocoins_20190117.pdf)  
  [Link to the recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nO_HhyYWYqM&authuser=1)  

**Running at Light Speed: Cloud Native Security Patterns**  
No matter how fast you ship software, a good design is critical to security. Cloud native systems are no exception. Containerized microservices running on distributed management and orchestration platforms, bring new challenges to address as well as classic software problems that we’ve been dealing with for years. Secure software design patterns can be used to model security controls at different trust boundaries within your architecture, providing security in a repeatable and consumable way. Using patterns such as the Service Mesh or Ambassador pattern lets us focus on proper security control placement and lifting security outside of the core services we’ve traditionally bolted security onto later.

The goal of this presentation is to arm software developers and security architects with reference architecture guidance that can be used in any cloud native environment. The topics we’ll cover include multi-tenancy considerations, authentication, authorization, encryption, and more. We will focus on newer cloud native architecture patterns as well as some classic software design patterns that are still applicable. At the end of this presentation, you’ll have a greater understanding of cloud native security design at an architectural level and you’ll be eager to begin white-boarding your ideas.

  [Download the presentation as PDF](https://wiki.owasp.org/images/3/39/OWASP_Netherlands_-_Running_at_Light_Speed_-_20190117.pdf)  
  [Link to the recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWHi8KgOZpw&authuser=1)  

Speakers info: Jonn Callahan has worked in appsec for half a decade across a wide variety of languages, technologies, and sectors. While constantly looking for new things to play with, he rediscovered his love for the universal language of math and, consequentially, the power of statistical analysis and machine learning. He now seeks to dismantle the black magic of these techniques, showing that they don't require an advanced mathematics degree to be leveraged, as well as to find novel ways to apply them within the security space Jack Mannino is the CEO of nVisium. Passionate about security and impossible to keep away from a keyboard, his expertise spans over 15 years of building, breaking, and securing software. Jack founded nVisium in 2009, and since then has helped the world's largest software teams enhance security across their software portfolios. He has spoken at conferences globally on topics such as secure design, mobile application security, and cloud-native security. 
