### June 16 2022
Meet-up setting: *first physical meet-up in 2,5 years*

Location: Trend Micro  
Address: Herikerbergweg 92, 1101 CM Amsterdam

18:00 - 18:15 - **Reception of attendees**  
18:15 - 19:00 - **Pizza**  
19:00 - 19:15 - **Welcome and OWASP updates**  
19:15 - 20:00 - **Staying in control of your cloud application landscape by Priyam Awasthy and Spandan Chandra**  
20:00 - 20:15- **Break with drinks**  
20:15 - 21:00 - Another speaker on Cloud Security (speaker will be confirmed soon)

#### Staying in control of your cloud application landscape
##### Abstract:
At the end of 2021, 67% of all enterprise infrastructure was cloud-based. Cloud technologies are being consumed to host more and more applications. This talk will outline what security measures can an organization and self-governed DevOps teams implement to secure their cloud application landscape. During the session, we will talk about various strategies such as types of virtualization or sandboxing used to protect cloud applications, how to manage authentication and authorization, and data protection.
##### Bio:
###### Priyam Awasthy:  
Priyam has over 8 years of experience in Cyber Security with an emphasis on Penetration Testing and Cloud Security. He currently holds the position of Enterprise Application Security Lead at Canon EMEA where he is responsible for managing end-to-end security for applications and the cloud landscape.  
  
Priyam has deep experience across a range of Cyber Security domains having carried out a range of engagements servicing a diverse portfolio of clients across multiple industries. He has developed strong leadership and people management skills, having led a variety of diverse teams performing a range of services.  
  
Prior to joining Canon EMEA, Priyam led the Cloud Risk Advisory function for Deloitte Netherlands. He has wide experience in cyber security transformations (such as in Cloud and DevOps), technical security advisory and assessments, red teaming, security audits, and secure code development.  
  
###### Spandan Chandra:  
Spandan has over 7 years of experience in Cyber Security with an emphasis in Cloud Security and Risk & Compliance. He currently holds the position of Senior Auditor in Ahold Delhaize where he is responsible for leading IT risk and compliance audits, advice IT teams to secure their. IT environments including cloud landscapes.  
  
Prior to joining Ahold Delhaize, Spandan led cloud security team for Deloitte Netherlands. Furthermore, he acted as SME for cloud transformations and cloud security advisory  
  
Spandan is well known for propagating security, risk and compliance across IT organizations, he was responsible for representing an organization in global digital data lake initiative for Oil and Gas industry. Additionally, he has also conducted multiple talks at organizations and open forums.
