### May 19 2022
This is an online meeting and will be streamed on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/mlC-1XzuQpI).
The meeting will start at 19:00.
#### Comparing Static Analysis Security Testing (SAST) tools en dependency scanners
##### Abstract:
There are many SAST tools and dependency scanners in the market. In this talk, the comparison results will be discussed of some SAST tools and dependency scanners. The comparison includes human experiences like usability and developer friendliness, but also metrics like true and false positives and overlapping reports between the tools. Tools that were compared are: SonarQube, Npm audit, FindSecurityBugs, Snyk, Semgrep, ShiftLeft Scan, OWASP Dependency Check, and OSS Index. The comparison was performed by scanning a ready-for-market Java-React web application. 
##### Bio:
Wibren Wiersma is studying Cyber Security at the Radboud University in Nijmegen. He performed the SAST comparison as a research internship by Carthago-ICT. Before and during his study, Wibren worked for four years as a full stack developer for different ICT companies. Currently, he is working on his master thesis about a graph-based approach to detect outliers in academic publishing.
#### Infrastructure as Code (IaC) - security challenges and how KICS solves them
##### Abstract:
  - What is IaC
  - Security challenges around IaC
  - KICS OSS tool powered by Checkmarx and how it solves the challenges
  
##### Bio:
Lior Kaplan is Checkmarx's open source officer, leading KICS open source project to Keep IaC Secure.
#### Secret Scanning Solutions
##### Abstract:
Nowadays collaboration is key in software development. One way it is achieved is through software code repositories, but the open nature and convenience they provide are met with the downside of human error. The problem occurs when these public code repositories handle authentication secrets such as API keys or cryptographic secrets. These secrets should be kept confidential, but it often happens that practices like adding the secrets to the code repository lead to accidental leakage. To prevent this, secret scanning tools have arisen on the market. Rabobank is trying to prevent secret leakage within the company in which collaboration via code repositories is key. The company wishes to determine what would be the best performing secret scanning tools available on the market and compare them with the tool they are currently using, CredScan. This paper starts by presenting what secret scanning is, the most common types of secrets which exist, the most common detection techniques implemented by secret scanning tools, and an overview of the most popular tools available on the market. Further, it presents the steps taken during the internship: conducting interviews to compose a requirements list for the tool; shortlisting the tools based on the requirements; testing the shortlisted tools in a testing environment, and comparing the results. The top three best alternatives have proved to be SpectralOps, Whispers and TruffleHog. Only SpectralOps is objectively better than CredScan whereas Whispers and TruffleHog output false positives.
##### Bio:
Raluca Viziteu is studying Information Security Technology at Eindhoven University of Technology for her master degree. She performed a comparison of secret scanning tools as a research internship for Rabobank. Raluca has previously studied Computer Science and Engineering at Eindhoven University of Technology. Currently, she is working on her master thesis on building a practical threat modeling methodology for supporting ICS device manufacturers and system integrators for Secura.
