#### February 17 2022
This is an online meeting and will be streamed on YouTube.
The meeting will start at 19:00.
#### How log4j became an epic - a story told by a developer and a product owner
##### Abstract:
This talk is will touch upon the log4j vulnerability, and how it has set everything on fire, what impact it had on our team, and what we have learned from the crisis.
##### Bio:
Rick te Brake has 12 years of experience in java backend development. He has worked in banking and healthcare industries.
He likes to work with reactive microservices and functional programming. 

Anna Rudenko is product owner in the same team, she has over 7 years of experience as Project manager and Product owner
in the areas of software development, media production, charity and scientific research.  
Previously, she was doing her Ph.D. in Cognitive Linguistics.

#### The Long-Term Impact of Log4j
##### Abstract:
In its aftermath, Log4j vulnerabilities put the spotlight on vendor management and supply chain security practices. Now that the dust has settled and the worst of the fallout has passed, this talk presents perspectives on likely mid- and long-term changes that the security industry will see as a result of dealing with the Log4j issue as the latest in an escalating series of open source and software supply chain incidents.
##### Bio:
A globally recognized software security expert, Dan Cornell has over 20 years of experience architecting, developing and securing software systems. As Vice President of Product Strategy at Coalfire, Dan works with customers and industry partners to help drive the direction of their product portfolio. Prior to its acquisition by Coalfire, Dan was a founder of and the Chief Technology Officer at Denim Group, where he helped Fortune 500 companies and government organizations integrate security throughout the development process.

Cornell is an active member of the development community and a sought-after speaker on topics of application and software security, speaking at international conferences including RSA Security Conference, OWASP AppSec USA and EU, TEDx, and Black Hat CISO Forum. He holds three patents in the area of software security.

#### How log4j ruined our Christmas 
##### Abstract:
Early December a vulnerability was found in Log4j, an open-source logging library commonly used by apps and services across the internet. If left unfixed, attackers can break into systems, steal passwords and logins, extract data, and infect networks with malicious software.

This talk will outline why this vulnerability ruined Christmas and the potential impact log4j can or could have to your organisation.
##### Bio:
Owen has over 11 years of experience in Cyber Security with an emphasis in Penetration Testing and Red Teaming. He currently holds the position of Head of Cyber Resilience in Bank of Ireland where he is responsible for leading out the Security Testing, Incident Response and Threat Intelligence functions. Owen has deep experience across a range of Cyber Security domains having carried out a range of engagements servicing a diverse portfolio of clients across multiple industries. He has developed strong leadership and people management skills, having led a variety of diverse teams performing a range of services.

Prior to joining Bank of Ireland, Owen led the Penetration Testing and Red Teaming functions for Deloitte Ireland. Furthermore, he acted as the Vulnerability Management Lead for the EMEA region.

Owen is an advocate of secure development and sat on the Global Board of Directors of OWASP for the last 4 years. Owen held the role of Secretary, Vice-Chair and Chair of the Global Foundation.
