### March 17 2022
This is an online meeting and will be streamed on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/C7jQdlLby54).
The meeting will start at 19:00.

Another great OWASP meet-up promised: we have Steve Springett who will talk about OWASP Dependency-Check tool & OWASP Cyclone DX. He will share what is happing around these projects. Next to that we have Klaas Wijbrans sharing his industry insights on rules and regulation demanding SBOM, the challenges it brings and solution direction. We will also announce three (3) new OWASP projects that will be executed in 2022, so stay tuned!  
[Introducing: The Security Champions Guidebook](https://youtu.be/18Zgq9qB1NA)  
[Introducing: Guidelines on embedding SBOM in your organization](https://youtu.be/XQ5wMa1XYXQ)

### OWASP Dependency Track and OWASP CycloneDX
[Link to the recording](https://youtu.be/SQGo_EkraUc)
#### Abstract:
Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) have gained wide-spread support from the software industry, to critical infrastructure, to the White House. In this session, 
the OWASP CycloneDX SBOM standard will be introduced along with strategies for effectively creating SBOMs. Also introduced will be OWASP Dependency-Track, a 
platform that consumes and continuously analyzes SBOMs for security, operational, and license risk. Both of these flagship OWASP projects work together to allow 
organizations to make better risk-based decisions.
#### Bio:
Steve educates teams on the strategy and specifics of developing secure software. He practices security at every stage of the development lifecycle by leading 
sessions on threat modeling, secure architecture and design, static/dynamic/component analysis, offensive research, and defensive programming techniques. Steve's 
passionate about helping organizations identify and reduce risk from the use of third-party and open source components. He is an open source advocate and leads the 
OWASP Dependency-Track project, OWASP Software Component Verification Standard (SCVS), and is the Chair of the OWASP CycloneDX Core Working Group, a Software Bill 
of Materials (SBOM) Standard.

### Software Bill of Material – why do we need it, what is it and how can we overcome the current challenges
[Link to the recording](https://youtu.be/CHI_T2HT1uk)
#### Abstract:
The Executive Order on Cybersecurity of the Biden administration caused a lot of activity on the ‘software bill of material’. This talk will go into the details why 
it is being asked, what it consists of, and the practical challenges the industry needs to solve to reliably and efficiently create and use it in an automated way.
#### Bio:
Klaas Wijbrans Klaas is fellow architect in the Chief Architect Office of Philips. He has thirty years of experience in complex, software intensive systems and 
products like traffic control systems, storm surge barrier control system, telecommunications equipment and medical systems. In Philips he is driving the 
standardization of Philips products to a common architecture and common technologies.
