### April 21 2022
This is an online meeting and will be streamed on YouTube.
The meeting will start at 19:00.
#### Crawl Dutch government websites to collect statistics of SRI usage
##### Abstract:
In this work we crawled all major Dutch govern-
ment websites to measure the adoption rate of Subresource
Integrity Protection (SRI). We crawled and evaluated close
to 150,000 different pages on 477 different domains using a
crawler that we developed. This resulted in approximately
1,000,000 different cross origin script and link tags being
evaluated. We found the adoption rate of SRI to be very
low with 8.4% of the tags having implemented SRI. For
sensitive pages, such as login and registration pages, this
number was slightly lower at 8.3%. Our findings indicate
that most of these SRI enabled references are due to
Content Delivery Networks (CDN’s) and utility providers providing
HTML resource links already with proper integrity and
crossorigin attributes. This is due to CDN’s and utility
providers being the most popular SRI enabled domains to
reference to in combination with almost
no Dutch government websites having complete SRI cover-
age in their cross origin resource references.
##### Bio:
My name is Tom Stock, a cyber security master student at the Radboud University with a passion for computers, pretty code and solving complex problems with simple software.
#### Web Security Map ([basisbeveiliging.nl](https://basisbeveiliging.nl))
##### Abstract:
Absolute transparency moves people forward. What happens when plotting the state of security on a map? Organizations start to adapt and improve. This is an overview of the Web Security Map application, which can help you providing insight into a huge amounts of security info about companies up to entire countries. It's an open source product which can help you change your part of the world. In this talk you'll see the impact, how it works, what it does, where to get it and where to go from there.
##### Bio:
Elger Jonker is an ethical hacker who wants to make the world a better place. Elger is currently working on the next Dutch hacker camp: May Contain Hackers 2022 and has co-founded two hackerspaces Hack42 in Arnhem and Awesome Space in Utrecht. Professionally Elger specializes in the combination of software security, security testing and application development. Elger is currently the lead developer for internet.nl and has worked on other similar projects for the internet society. Of course there is more but this bio should only be so long... Oh, and Elger is doing software things for over 25 years now... which makes them old, but not yet always grumpy.
